The Best Love
 it gives people the power and make them become stronger.
In conclusion, you have many ways to grow and improve yourself without your parents’ protection.
 In most children’s eyes, they dream to have the relationship like their parents, who support each other all the time. This is the best love.
Another solution is to develop modern public transportation systems and restrict the use of private cars. If the price of petrol rises constantly and the public vehicles are efficient and convenient enough,
What a lovely couple, the husband shows people what love is. Love is to accept one’s good sides and bad sides, no matter what happens, they will always support each other. Just as the vow, no matter you are rich or poor, sick or healthy, we will never be aparted.
After graduating from high school, some graduates choose to enter the work world. As a result of this choice, they may become financially independent from their parents. But college students have chosen to grow and learn new skills that take years to develop, so they probably need at least some degree of dependence of their parents.
I read a good story that told about a married couple. The wife read from a magazine that listing the unsatisfied problems between the couples could help them to keep their marriage better. So they listed the problems on a separated room. The wife was the first to talked about the unsatisfied problems, it surprised the husband that she got three pages. When it was the turn for the husband to read the problems, he got nothing in the paper. He told his wife that she was the most perfect girl in his heart and he didn’t want the girl change a thing.
Like anything prior to the emergence of this small piece of plastic, the increasing popularity of credit card on campus has both bright and dark sides. On the one hand, young adults in college, free from the trouble of pocketing a considerable sum of cash, could enjoy the convenience of credit cards and purchase expensive goods by installments. On the other hand, however, the irresponsible and excessive use of the cards by these youngsters, the majority of whom are fresh out of middle school incapable of budgeting their money, can make them heavily in debt which will take them years to pay off.
As a college student, how to independent from your parents? Forcing students do things they dislike only makes them resent things all the more. So it is depend on you. As far as I am concerned, first, we should take full use of our spare time to do some part-time job rather than sleep in the dormitory day and night. Meanwhile, you can earn extra money from it. Second, college is designed to be a time of personal growth and expansion. You are supposed to get along with new people who have the same hobby with you that can enhance your competence of communicating with others. Third, as young adults, you have the opportunity to decide for yourself what kind of life you really want in the future, so it is a way to become independent from your parents as well.
